Docs/mkdocs material (#447)
piskoviste/pisek: docs/task-overview.md

> Interactive task should be used when part of the input should remain hidden
> from the contestant's solution. For example when it can ask questions about the input.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
An interactive task is used when a part of the input should remain hidden
from the contestant's solution. For example, when it can ask questions about the input.
```
